h1(eveTopic). Release Notes

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.29.0 (2018-01-05)

* [Feature-#3755] changed behavior of timer axes in relative mode. "Read more":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.help/help/content/concepts/virtualdevices.html.
* [Feature-#3284] the engine log files now support timestamps and daily rolling
* [Feature-#3195] the engine process now supports non-zero exit states (error codes). See the Wiki for details. 
* [Feature-#3167] detecting and handling of loading defaults of a "future" version
* [Feature-#2062] reading HDF5 files while they are written (extent=1)

* [Bug Fix-#3556] fixed a bug where a timing problem caused engine crashes while repeatedly executing scans (repeat count > 0)
* [Bug Fix-#3450] fixed a bug where values monitored before the scan started reported wrong values (now -1)
* [Bug Fix-#2817] fixed a bug where (old) data of a channel was written although the status was "invalid"

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.28.2 (2018-01-04)

* [Bug Fix-#3720] introduced missing template for Keithley Range (numerical)
* [Bug Fix-#3705] introduced missing template for Keysight 34470
* [Bug Fix-#3549] fixed a bug where the welcome page was not displayed due to a changed product id
* [Bug Fix-#3519] added concept "help page":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.help/help/content/concepts/virtualdevices.html for virtual/pseudo devices

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.28.1 (2017-11-21)

* [Bug Fix-#2427] fixed a bug where during scan execution a device did not return to status "idle" after a write timeout (continued to be "not operational")

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.28.0 (2017-07-28)

* [Bug Fix-#1853] help is opened inside the application once again (the browser workaround is no longer necessary)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.27.13 (2017-07-06)

* [Feature] introduced dsa8300 array detector template

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where the device inspector could not handle float data from the engine

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.27.2 (2016-11-24)

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where new defaults could not created due to missing version

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.27.0 (2016-11-09)

* [Feature] EPICS DBE_PROPERTY is now enabled by default

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.26.0

* [Feature] introduced pseudo detector @SM-Counter@
* [Feature] added help internationalization (if localized help for current Locale exists it has priority)
* [Feature] threads (used for engine communication) now register exception handlers to report errors

* [Bug Fix] The GTK 2 workaround parameter is now integrated in the launch configuration

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.23

* [Feature] incremented XML schema version to 4.0

* [Bug Fix] The Help is temporarily shown externally (browser) due to ==<a href="https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=404776" target="_blank">Eclipse Bug  404776</a>== until eveCSS uses Eclipse 4.3 Kepler or newer.

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.22

* [Feature] added user specific filter paths in several file dialogs by introducing a defaults folder

* [Bug Fix] removed a bug where a null pointer could occur on certain selections after starting the application (due to missing action/command handler for print)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.21

* [Feature] eveCSS is now based on CSS 3.3.9

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.20

* [Feature] new template files
* [Feature] scan files are now also validated before loading into engine playlist

* [Bug fix] changed gtk theme to Raleigh due to a bug of oxygen-gtk2 with Eclipse/SWT, for more information see ==<a href="https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=327441" target="_blank"> Bug 327441 - Using oxgen-gtk2 causes eclipse/swt to crash</a>==

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.19

* [Bug Fix] improved performance by changing PV Formatting behavior
* [Bug Fix] set "Notification on metadata update (DBE_PROPERTY monitor)" preferences entry to false due to version dependent incompatibility with CA gateway, for more information see ==<a href="http://www.aps.anl.gov/epics/tech-talk/2012/msg02352.php" target="_blank">Using CAJ in production (DBE_PROPERTY and CA gateway)</a>== and ==<a href="https://bugs.launchpad.net/epics-base/+bug/730720" target="_blank">bad resource id msg from portable cas</a>==

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.18

* [Feature] Scans now have the option to declare the location of the data in the data file (Scan Module Storage Option)
* [Feature] eveCSS is now based on CSS 3.2.15
* [Feature] Notification on metadata update (DBE_PROPERTY)

* [Bug Fix] improved memory consumption by removing duplicate literals when loading a device definition

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.16

* [Bug Fix] fixed corrupt default device definition XML file
* [Bug Fix] removed potential memory leak in File IO

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.15

* [Feature] revised default device definition file (loaded if no <i>eve.root</i> is given)

* [Bug Fix] fixed faulty behavior when <i>eve.root</i> is not set

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.14 

* [Feature] eveCSS is now based on CSS 3.2.7
* [Feature] PV access now uses PV Manager 2.x API (without workarounds)
* [Feature] added CSS PV Files Viewer View
* [Feature] added PV Manager System data source (see CSS Core Help for more info)
* [Feature] incremented schema version to 2.3

* [Bug Fix] added EPICS_CA_MAX_ARRAY_BYTES environment variable entry to the VM

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.12

* [Feature] changed default behavior of combo boxes used in tables

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.11

* [Feature] test sites now decide when to "update":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.help/help/content/tasks/updateeveversion.html to a new version
* [Feature] simplified "creation of device definition":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.help/help/content/tasks/createdevicedescription.html files

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.10

* [Feature] the version of eveCSS is now shown in the title bar
* [Feature] eveCSS 1.10 is now based on CSS 3.1
* [Feature] the logger configuration is now integrated (no longer expected in eve.root)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.8

* [Feature] incremented schema version to 2.2

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.7

* [Feature] incremented schema version to 2.1 due to changes in the data type of parent in scanmodule (now allowing negative integers representing orphan scan modules)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.5

* [Feature] Added help "reference sheet":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.help/help/content/reference/keyboardshortcuts.html for (eclipse) keyboard shortcuts

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.4

* [Bug Fix] Engine name, port and location preference entries are now viewer specific (as expected)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.2

* [Feature] eveCSS 1.2 uses schema version 1.0
* [Feature] The XML schema is no longer needed in the <i>eve.root</i> directory
