h1(eveTopic). Chain View

p. In the Chain View you set the following chain properties.

h2(eveTopic). Save Options

p. In the __Save Options__ item you make settings for properties in connection of saving the data file.

h3(eveTopic). File Format

p. The __File Format__ is a given format of the data file. You can choose between __ASCII__, __HDF5__ and __Do not save__.

h3(eveTopic). Format

p. The __Filename__ defines the name of the data file. You can use the macros shown in the table to build the filename.

table(eveRefTable).
|_. Macro |_. Description|
| ${WEEK} | calendar week|
| ${YEAR} | year as yyyy|
| ${YR} | year as yy|
| ${MONTH} | month as MM|
| ${MONTHSTR} | month as MMM (e.g., Jul)|
| ${DAY} | day as dd|
| ${DAYSTR} | day as ddd (e.g., Mon)|
| ${DATE} | date as yyyyMMdd (e.g., 20111231)|
| ${DATE-} | date as yyyy-MM-dd (e.g., 2011-12-31)|
| ${TIME} | time as HHmmss|
| ${TIME-} | time as HH-mm-ss|
| ${PV:&lt;pvname&gt;} | replace with value of pvname|

h3(eveTopic). Filename

p. This is the resulting __Filename__ from the input above.

h3(eveTopic). Save Scan-Description

p. With __Save Scan-Description__ you define, whether the scan description should be saved (at the same location as the data file).

h3(eveTopic). Confirm Save

p. With __Confirm Save__ you define, whether saving should be confirmed.

h3(eveTopic). Add Autoincrementing Number to Filename

p. If __Add Autoincrementing Number to Filename__ is true, a five digit number is appended to the filename. Starting at __x + 1__ where __x__ is the largest number found with the same filename prefix.

h2(eveTopic). Comment

p. In the __Comment__ Box you can write additional comments.

h2(eveTopic). Events

p. In the __Events__ Tab you choose which Events you need in the chain. The description of events and which event types are available in the chain view you found "here":events.html
