h1(eveTopic). Events

p. Events are a way to affect a scan, e.g. by skipping or redoing a certain part if a defined condition is met. Three types (describing their source) of events exist:

* *SCHEDULE*: a schedule event is triggered when a scan module is finished.
* *DETECTOR*: a detector event is triggered when a detector is ready.
* *MONITOR*: a monitor event is an expression evaluating to @true@ or @false@.

p. The effect (or outcome) of an event is defined by the location the event is added to. Events could be added to a _chain_, a _scan module_ or a _detector channel_ in their respective "views":../gettingstarted.html. Each view has one or more tabs, one for each outcome:

table(eveDataTable).
|_.View|_.Redo|_.Break|_.Stop|_.Trigger|
|<. Chain |+|+|+| |
|<. Scan Module |+|+| |+|
|<. Detector Channel |+| | | |

p. Monitor conditions are evaluated at the start of a chain/scan module.

h2(eveTopic). Outcomes

p. The effect an event has depends on its outcome which is one of _redo_, _break_, _stop_, _trigger_. 

h3(eveTopic). Redo Event

p. If caused by trigger events (detector or schedule) the detector is read again or the scan module is executed again respectively. Monitor events behave the same way (redo if condition is @true@) except that they will pause the scan before reading/executing again until the event sends @false@.

h3(eveTopic). Break Event

p. Skips the current chain or scan module. Post scan actions of the scan module are still executed.

h3(eveTopic). Stop Event

p. Stops the current chain. Post scan actions of the currently active scan module are still executed.

h3(eveTopic). Trigger Event

Caused by a trigger event (detector or schedule) and monitor event sending @true@.

h3(eveTopic). Monitor Event in a Scan Module

table(eveDataTable).
|_.Event|_.during initialization|_.at start|_.in the Scan Module|
|<. Redo |no action| no scan point reading| no scan point reading|
|<. Skip |no action |%(red)no action%| skip to next ScanModule |

h3(eveTopic). Monitor Event in the Chain

table(eveDataTable).
|_.Event|_.during initialization|_.at start|_.in the Scan Module|
|<. Redo |no action| no scan point reading| no scan point reading|
|<. Skip |no action |%(red)no action%| Skip to next ScanModule |
|<. Stop |%(red)exit scan% |%(red)not possible% | Stop the Scan |