h1(eveTopic). Scan Module View

p. In the Scan Module view you set the properties for a scan module.

h3(eveTopic). No of Measurements

p. The __No of Measurements__ is a given number of measurements taken for each motor position.

h3(eveTopic). Trigger Delay

p. The __Trigger Delay__ is a time in seconds for waiting after positioning between the __Prescan__ action and the triggering of the detector channels.

h3(eveTopic). Settle Time

p. The __Settle Time__ is a time in seconds for waiting after the first positioning in the scan module. The time is waiting between the __Prescan__ action and the triggering of the detector channels.

h3(eveTopic). Manual Trigger

p. With __Manual Trigger__ you define, whether triggering of __Motors__ and __Detectors__ should be confirmed.

h2(eveTopic). Actions

p. In the __Actions__ item you see in a table with six tabs the selected options for __Motor Axes__, __Detector Channels__, __Prescan__, __Postscan__, __Positioning__ and __Plot__.

h3(eveTopic). Motor Axes

p. In the __Motor Axes__ tab you define, which axis are used in the scan module. A description of Motor Axis is "here":motoraxis.html

h3(eveTopic). Detector Channels

p. In the __Detector Channels__ tab you define, which channels are used in the scan module. A description of Detector Channel is "here":detectorchannels.html

h3(eveTopic). Prescan

p. In the __Prescan__ tab you define, which prescan action will be done before the scan module is started.
P. Die __Prescan__ Aktionen werden ausgeführt, nachdem die erste Position des Scan Modules angefahren wurde. Ob die Prescan-Aktion auf eine Antwort wartet oder nur einfach abgeschickt wird, hängt von ihrer Vereinbarung im xml File ab (method="GETPUTCB" oder ="GETPUT")

h3(eveTopic). Postscan

p. In the __Postscan__ tab you define, which postscan action will be started after the scan module is done.
P. Ob die Postscan-Aktion auf eine Antwort wartet oder nur einfach abgeschickt wird, hängt von ihrer Vereinbarung im xml File ab (method="GETPUTCB" oder ="GETPUT")

h3(eveTopic). Positioning

p. In the __Positioning__ tab you define, which type of positionig will be started after the scan module and/or prescan actions will be done. The __Positioning__ move axis to calculated positions.

h3(eveTopic). Plot

p. In the __Plot__ tab you define, how many plot windows you will seen in the scan module. A description of the Plot Window is "here":plotwindow.html

h2(eveTopic). Events

p. In the __Events__ Tab you choose which Events you need in the scan module. The description of events an which event types are available in the scan module view you found "here":events.html

h3(eveTopic). Append Schedule Event

p. In the __Plot__ tab you define, how many plot windows you will seen in the scan module. A description of the Plot Window is "here":plotwindow.html

p. With __Append Schedule Event__ you define, whether the scan module sets an Schedule Event if the scan module is done.

