h1(eveTopic). Known Bugs

{toc}

h3(eveKnownBug). (#2430) DeviceOptionsView doesn't show selected device's options

p. If a DeviceOptionsView is opened via the Window -> Show View Menu it doesn't work properly. This is due to ==<a href="https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=294066" target="_blank">Eclipse Bug #294066</a>==: [Commands] org.eclipse.ui.views.showView command should have a secondaryId parameter.

p. __Workaround:__ Open DeviceOptionViews via the ContextMenu of a Device in the Devices or DeviceInspector Views.

h3(eveKnownBug). (#1471) PV channel transport closed when using DBE_PROPERTY monitor

p. When DBE_PROPERTY monitoring is set in CSS Core -> Epics preferences and a CA gateway with EPICS base 3.14.12.2 is used, PV access won't work properly. For more information see ==<a href="http://www.aps.anl.gov/epics/tech-talk/2012/msg02352.php" target="_blank">Using CAJ in production (DBE_PROPERTY and CA gateway)</a>== and ==<a href="https://bugs.launchpad.net/epics-base/+bug/730720" target="_blank">bad resource id msg from portable cas</a>==

h3(eveKnownBug). (#523) No file name in Engine View under certain circumstances

p. If the following conditions are met, no file name is given in the engine view for the current scan:

* an engine process is running
* eveCSS is started showing the EVE Editor perspective
* a scan is send to the engine via the "Add to playlist and switch to Engine Perspective" button

p. __Workaround:__ Disconnect and Reconnect the engine via the respective buttons.

h3(eveKnownBug). (#244) Device Inspector opened by Window -> Show View -> Other... -> EVE Viewer -> Device Inspector does not accept devices added per double click.

p. If all previous Device Inspector Views were closed and a new one is added via the above mentioned Window menu it won't accept device by double clicking them in the Devices View.

p. __Workaround:__ Open a Device Inspector by the above mentioned method. Then add another one with the toolbar button. Close the first one. Use the second one.
