h1(eveTopic). Release Notes

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.20

* [Feature] The Repeat Count of a scan is now modifiable

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where moving motor axes did not change color (EngineView)
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where certain dialogs did not close when triggered from another EVE client

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.19

* [Feature] Scan Module Info Window (Engine View) now shows additional information

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.18

* [Feature] The Device Inspector now supports Drag and Drop (moving devices in a table)
* [Feature] Changed plot update behavior: updated only at each 5th point if sample size is in [100, 500] or if 15 seconds are elapsed

* [Bug Fix] Removed a memory leak in the plot causing increasing memory consumption after each plot initialization
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where opening a detail dialog of a scan caused an error if certain axis were involved
* [Bug Fix] The Engine View now is able to show more than ten entries
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where the sec timer axis did not receive values from the engine (Device Inspector)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.17

* [Feature] The Engine View now also shows scan module names

* [Bug Fix] fixed reading of PV values of type INT16 (short)
* [Bug Fix] fixed calculation of plot statistics

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.16

* [Feature] the plot view (including statistics) can now be saved as PDF

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where the Device Inspector did not recognize if a PV was disconnected.

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.15

* [Feature] added/revised several Help topics

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.14

* [Bug Fix] fixed missing/false plot auto scale behavior
* [Bug Fix] the progress bar no longer shows a position count although no scan is loaded
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where a device could not be added to a newly created Device Inspector (see known bugs help section for further details)
* [Bug Fix] fixed some plot code that could create memory leaks

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.13

* [Feature] improved performance of plots
* [Feature] plot statistics are now hideable

* [Bug Fix] the plot widget now expands (and shrinks) with window size
* [Bug Fix] removed a bug where a device with discrete values could be added twice to the device inspector

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.12

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where a plot did not draw more than one y axis anymore after updating to CSS v3.1
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where process variables of type DBR_Short and DBR_Float could not be read anymore after updating to CSS v3.1

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.11

* [Bug Fix] the Plot View is now shown in all perspectives

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.10

* [Feature] the engine version to be used is now configurable via preferences
* [Feature] the progress of a scan is now shown in a progress bar

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where an existing plot window accidently continued drawing points on a new scan (when the same devices where used)
* [Bug Fix] Message dialogs are now shown in a centered position of their parent

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.8

* [Feature] set default plot buffer size to 500

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.7

* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where a select box for discrete values was editable

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.6

* [Bug Fix] removed a bug where the stop button (for detectors) did not work due to a non-integer value (e.g. 'Acquire').

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.5

* [Feature] detectors and channels are now stoppable (via @Device Inspector@)

* [Bug Fix] removed a bug where the precision of the plot table entries was incorrect

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.4

* [Feature] new filter dialog for the @Messages@ view
* [Feature] the message type (@Messages@ view) is now shown as an icon
* [Feature] the table in the @Messages@ view is now sortable by type (the sort state is remembered by the application)
* [Feature] limited the size of the table (number of entries) of the @Messages@ view (for performance reasons)

* [Bug Fix] fixed scrolling issues in the @Messages@ view
* [Bug Fix] removed a bug where an error occurred if new messages arrived while saving them into a file (synchronization)
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where a drag and drop added all available devices to the device inspector (not just the ones used in the current scan)
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where the channel access configuration depended on the network the application was started from
* [Bug Fix] fixed a bug where the auto play button of the @Engine@ view wasn't properly updated if it was changed from another client

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.2

* [Feature] Monitorable Options
* [Feature] Lexicographical ordering in the Devices View (Tree Viewer)

h2(eveTopic). Version 1.1

* [Feature] eveCSS is now based on Control System Studio 3.0.
* [Feature] Added Probe Application.
* [Feature] Added CSS Context Menu allowing "copy pv name to clipboard". "Read more...":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.viewer/help/content/tasks/copypvtoclipboard.html
* [Feature] Process Variables now have configurable (GUI) update intervals. "Read more...":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.viewer/help/content/concepts/pvupdateinterval.html
* [Feature] Added menu entry "Window->Reset Perspective" to reset the active perspective. "Read more...":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.viewer/help/content/tasks/resetperspective.html
* [Feature] Added Filtering to the Local Devices View. "Read more...":/help/topic/de.ptb.epics.eve.viewer/help/content/tasks/filterdevices.html
* [Feature] Added toolbar buttons to expand/collapse all items of the tree (Devices View)
