h1(eveTopic). Engine View

p. Te Engine View is the view to run the scans.

h2(eveTopic). ENGINE

p. In the __ENGINE__ area you see the state of the engine.

h3(eveTopic). start

p. With __start__ button you start the engine with that name and port which is set in preferences. The preferences are to find a Edit -> Preferences... -> CSS Applications -> Display -> EVE Viewer. The status of the engine is shown in a line.

h3(eveTopic). kill

p. The __kill__ button kills the engine.

h3(eveTopic). connect

p. The __connect__ button connect the program to a running engine.


h3(eveTopic). disconnect

p. The __disconnect__ button disconnect the programm from the engine. The engine is still running.

h2(eveTopic). SCAN

p. In the __SCAN__ area are buttons to play the scan.

table(eveRefTable).
|_. Button |_. Description|
|_. Play |_. The __Play__ Button is starting or continuing then scan|
|_. Pause |_. The __Pause__ Button paused the scan|
|_. Stop |_. The __Stop__ Button exiting the scan when the actual scan point is finished|
|_. Skip |_. The __Skip__ Button staring the next scan module when the actual scan point is finished|
|_. Halt |_. The __Halt__ Button terminate the scan. |
|_. AutoPlay |_. __AutoPlay__ is a toggle Button and in state on the scans starting automatically|

h3(eveTopic). repeat count

p. The __Repeat Count__ sets how often the scan should be executed in addition to the first execution. For Example a __repeat count__ of 1 starts the scan twice. The possible values are from 0 up to 999999.

h3(eveTopic). loaded File

p. The __loaded File__ is the actual scan file in the engine.

h3(eveTopic). Filename

p. The shown __Filename__ is the name of the actual datafile.

h3(eveTopic). live Comment

p. The __live Comment__ field is to write comment while the scan is running.

h3(eveTopic). Send to File

p. With the __Send to File__ Button the live Comment is writing into the datafile. It is only possible if the scan is running.


h2(eveTopic). Comment

p. In the __Comment__ Box you can write additional comments.

h2(eveTopic). Status Table

p. In der Status Tabelle sieht man alle chain und scan Module des geladenen Scan aufgelistet und deren Zustand. Remaining Time ist außerdem eine Abschätzung darüber wie lange der Scan noch dauert.
