h1(eveTopic). Plot View

p. The Plot View is the view to see the measured data of the running scan. In the left side you see the online plot and on the right the results.

h2(eveTopic). Online Plot

p. In the __OnlinePlot__ area you see the state of the engine. On the left side is the y-Axis1 range an on the right side the y-Axis2 range.

h3(eveTopic). initialize of the plot

p. The plot will be initialized, if the __Preinit Window__ Button is selected.

p. When the __Preinit Window__ Button is off the plot shows the points of more than one scan Module if possible. The Table shows different scans and their effects in the plot

table(eveRefTable).
|_. Scan-Nr. |_. ScanModul |_. x-Axis |_. y-Axis1 |_. y-Axis2 |_. pre init? |
| 1 | SM1 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | Channel00 |  |
|   | SM2 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | ---      | pre init, because y-Axis2 different |
| 2 | SM1 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | Lifetime1 |  |
|   | SM2 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | ---      | pre init, because y-Axis2 different |
| 3 | SM1 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | Lifetime1 |  |
|   | SM2 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | Lifetime1      | no pre init, plot continues  |
| 4 | SM1 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | none |  |
|   | SM2 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | Lifetime1      | pre init, because y-Axis2 different |
| 5 | SM1 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | none |  |
|   | SM2 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00         | none      | pre init, because y-Axis1 different |
| 6 | SM1 | PP_Motor1 | Channel00 / Ring1 | none |  |
|   | SM2 | PP_Motor1 | Ring1             | none      | pre init, because y-Axis1 different |


h2(eveTopic). Results

p. The __RESULTS__ area is a table with calculated values of the plot and buttons to move the motor axis to the calculated value.

table(eveRefTable).
|_. Value |_. y-Axis |_. x-Axis |_. GoTo
|_. Normalized | last y-Axis value of the plot| last x-Axis value of the scan| |
|_. Minimum | minimum y-Axis value of the plot| x-Axis position of the y-Axis value| goto x-Axis position|
|_. Maximum | maximum y-Axis value of the plot| x-Axis position of the y-Axis value| goto x-Axis position|
|_. Center | y-Axis value of the center position| Center position of the plot | goto Center position|
|_. Edge | y-Axis value of the edge position| Edge position of the plot | goto Edge position|
|_. Average | average of the y-Axis values| --- | --- |
|_. Deviation | deviation of the y-Axis values| --- | --- |
|_. FWHM | full width half maximum of the y-Axis values| --- | --- |

h3(eveTopic). Minimum

p. The __Minimum__ is the minimum of the y-Axis values in the plot. The x-Axis position is the associated position of the y-Axis value.

h3(eveTopic). Maximum

p. The __Maximum__ is the maximum of the y-Axis values in the plot. The x-Axis position is the associated position of the y-Axis value.

h3(eveTopic). Center

p. The __Center__ is the center position of the x-Axis and their associated y-Axis value.

p. To calculate the __Center__ first determine the __Peak__: Minimum or Maximum of y axis which must not be the first or last measured value. If a minimum peak and a maximum peak exist, result of __Peak__ is the peak with the higher distance to the average.

p. Then the __Center__ will calculated as follows: If a __Peak__ exist walk from that peak position in both x axis directions until the distance between the peak y value and the current y value is more than half the distance between __Minimum__ and __Maximum__ (half maximum). Both half maximum positions must be present to retrieve a result for __Center__. Do a linear Interpolation with the points before and after the half maximum to find the corresponding x values. The result of __Center__ is the middle position between the two x values.

h3(eveTopic). Edge

p. The __Edge__ is the edge position of the x-Axis and their associated y-Axis value.

h3(eveTopic). Average

p. The __Average__ is the average of the y-Axis values in the plot.

h3(eveTopic). Deviation

p. The __Deviation__ is the deviation of the y-Axis values in the plot.

h3(eveTopic). FWHM

p. The __FWHM__ is the full width half maximum of the y-Axis values in the plot.

